noun
———————————————————————————————		
gimmick			trunk line			unexpected-twist
traffic cone		officiant			spectator syndrome		
marina			boat fender			imposter syndrome
proposition		proposal 			impersonator
amenity			cascade				analogy 			
relic			feat
catapult 		carrot-top			feeder school
moniker 		doohickey /gadget		whistles—Bells
novice 			flint 				shenanigans
makeshift		satin	/ matte			constellation
syringe 		digression			garden-gnome
catalog 		crochet 			megalomaniac


adj
———————————————————————————————
[Spoken]:								
dreamy			dodgy 			wacky
tacky 			lousy			grody
slimy 			cheesy 			salty
touchy			crabby 			grumpy
petty: make a fucking big deal over small shit, overreact.				
finicky: showing or requiring great attention to detail. 			
fussy: Someone who is fussy is very concerned with unimportant details and is difficult to please. [disapproval]
saggy			bony			scraggy
raspy			whiny 			pesky	
slushy 			lumpy / bumpy		patchy
musty 			moldy 			stuffy
hazy 			misty			foggy
rusty			snobby


offbeat 		disposable			scatterbrained 	
bootleg			swollen 			Low-maintenance		
nagging 		lagging 			lingering
hardcore		mouthful			lovelorn			
bussin			catch-22			refreshing(爽口）
outsize			slick				judgmental
		

[literature]:
conceivable			Intelligible			comprehensible
intoxicated			sensational			exceptional
tractable			adversarial 			becomes apparent
tame 				meticulous			graceful
affluent			rigorous			fleeting		
paranoid 			aspirational			intricate
prolific			standstill			excessively-concerned
inalienable			communal			extravagant 			
invincible 			contrived 			dilapidated
inherent

formidable 			esoteric			pedantic
indifferent			preceding			parental
inferior			In vain				submissive
derogatory			saturated			emaciated
lopsided			fractured			asynchronous
illicit				misogynistic

verb
———————————————————————————————
proliferate		inherit 			deploy
monetize		pamper				mass-produce
facilitate 		consolidate			mitigate
capsize			mediate			revitalize
denominated		headbutt			

imprint			menstruate			derive from
coerce			gentrify 			procrastinate
marinate		serenade			incentivize


Phrase
—————————————————————————————
pull off 			top off 			slack off
clock out 			switch gears 			look up to me
penetrating gaze 		blank stare 			off the cuff
step up 			stand up to			rag on
take a hike			in good hands			under her belt
phase out 			plugging away			divine intervention
humble origin			suck up to me 			house hold name
lying low			last resort			level with
fell short			pulling teeth			meat and potatoes
lose steam			lip-synching			jokes on you
side with			call off			nooks and crannies
by no means			on a whim			get with someone
dime a dozen 			devil’s advocate 		out of the loop
pet peeve 			kick back 			that never gets old
suck it up			put up with 			fed up with 			
test the water			slate is clean 			nuts and bolts		
tip of the iceberg 		force of the habit 		over the course of		
play by ear			sit out				bare bone
moral fiber			Reason with			down the drain
doze off 			Wake up call 			Piggyback ride
Not a chance 			slim to none			a big blow to
Safe and sound			Puppy guard			on the ball	
straight face			set out for			Start off by
wiggle room			Hit it off			Pain in the ass
set a bar 			sleep in			smarty pants/ass
chopped liver			Epic fail			easy on the eyes
side by side 			douche bag 			Instant karma
End of story			Beats me			home wrecker
name names			honest mistake			How on earth 
cut corner			binge watching			Shame on you
hot key 			good riddance			David and Goliath
Main-card			No string attached		What’s the catch
Sink in 			crack up			brick and mortar 		
clinical trail			sleep on it			sleep it off
lose face			So much for 			bump into sb
get over			map out				up to a point
At all cost			Root cause			Leave it to me
Check off			toy with			Dead to me	
Right on 			way to go 			keep it up
Max out				Sort out			dirt cheap
flat-out dumb			scaredy cat			Sort out
wind up 			wear the pants



Throw off the balance 			Steal your thunder	
Off the top of my head			think on my feet 
Water under the bridge			on the other side of the tracks
You snooze you loose			Work my butt off
Have a spring in your steps  		Pour gasoline on the fire				
Caught me off my guard			What's past is prologue
the grass is always greener		Old habits die hard
rain on my parade			Make up your mind
get the hang of it			Slap on the wrist
Finish on a high note			right back at you
get my point across 			Start off on the wrong foot
without further ado			Go too hard to soon
Been there, done that			Read between the lines
that was as clear as mud		That’s all greek to me


Get up on the wrong side of the bed
Word on the street is that I’m pretty good.
There is no substitute for hard-work. 
Everything else is frosting on the cake
Take it with a grain of salt
Fire - sick - dope - lit - legit - Extra - Basic - Boss - dawg - fam
Don't write checks that your ass can't cash
Put your money where your mouth is
The proof is in the pudding
If you talk to talk, you have to walk to walk
Rules were made to be broken
Prepare for the worst Hope for the best 		
Pros and cons come to both approaches.
Communication is fundamental to human nature. 


Spoken:
—————————————————————————————
Tldr, ama, brb, hmu, esh, fwb, Ptsd, imy

Start a meeting:
So little bit about today, it’s gonna be free flowing discussion,
not all the panelists are gonna answer all the questions.
I’ll direct to questions to particular panelist as them come in.
if other panelists feel they have something to contribute someone else’s answer please signal me, or just jump in.



take initiative and be proactive
Whoever denied it, supplied it.
Made the rhyme did the crime. 
Release intestinal gas through the anus (cut a fart).
Guard against these possibilities 
Confidence restored 		No Fun		
so as to 				as opposed to
If you never have to deal with that, I’m happy for you.
Alright, I’m leaving, you don’t have to tell me twice.
How do you do that exactly?
Woo, that’s a lot to unpack there, Lemme see.
It is easy to be caught up in that situation.
easy to spot in the crowd.
Do you feel good about that answer?
Getting on each other’s nerves.
I couldn't agree more
Crazy good at

Stick to the plan, result comes to fruition naturally.

Our intuition can sometimes leads us astray. 

I’m really glad you came back and proved me wrong.

Yesterday is history, tomorrow is mystery, but today is gift, that's why it's called present.

If you want to test a man's character, give him the power.

Those who mind don't matter,
Those who matter don't mind.

Why don't people understand that I'll do it and get it done as long as you don't tell me to do it and get it done. 

It will happen, we sympathize, but it’s necessary.

Can achieve whatever we set our mind to.

Let me guess: you were potty trained at gunpoint and still piss sitting down on orders from mommy dearest. Your innie peanut dick remains flaccid unless you gaze adoringly at a photo of your lord and savior Trumputo-Pumpkin tits the incompetent. Your IQ starts with a decimal point and you have yet to grow your opposable thumbs. Wow I’m impressed.

Everyone knows the wall is extremely long, but to see it for yourself, stretching into the distance as far as you can see, disappearing into the horizon in these insane mountains, with this view is just spectacular, definitely a bucket list.

It’s really hard to get good people, You’ve got to roll the red carpet out and go after people and kind of poach them and make them offers they can’t refuse.

When you die, you don’t know you are dead. It’s only difficult for people around you. It’s the same when you are stupid.

First of all, if don't get your childish breath out of my oxygen zone, I  will sue you and your mom. And who is on a bus, who is in a car with freedom and money, and the ability to kick your ass.

I'm not afraid of losing because I don't allow you to judge me.
My loses are my loses, if you don't understand what I am doing, get the fuck out my system. You think I give a shit about what you think? You think I lose anything when you commented "I told you, I knew it, get a life”. That shit would just motivate me. And when I finally got it, you don't even understand how.

In stage one we say, nothing is going to happen.
Stage two, we say, it may happen, but I don’t need to do something about it.
And stage three, we say maybe we should do something about it, but there's nothing we can do.
Stage four, we say maybe there was something we could have done, but it's too late now.

I am beyond irritated. I am not an xbox, not a play station, cards against humanity. I am a person with feelings, you don't just say hi, and three mother fucking days later, you don't exist, A figment of my imagination. You're a damn ghost. If you lose feelings don't drag that shit on, end it! I send hi, you don't respond makes me a damn clown! So the moral of the fricking story, if you don't want it, don't waste my time. Period.

Remember people’s name: A person's name is, to that person, the sweetest most important sound in any language.

See something say something 

Playing with my money is just like playing with my emotion.


Literature:
———————————————————————————
Preparation meets opportunity.

Both theoretical reasoning and empirical evidence support the conclusion that
part of getting to a better future comes down to explaining more effectively the problems of the present.

Cultural difference is not an excuse for misbehaving or being inflexible.